Entrepreneurship plays an important role in the creation and growth of businesses, as well as in the growth and prosperity of regions and nations. These large-scale outcomes can have quite humble beginnings; entrepreneurial actions begin at the nexus of a lucrative opportunity and an enterprising individual.1 Entrepreneurial opportunities are “those situations in which new goods, services, raw materials, and organizing methods can be introduced and sold at greater than their cost of production.”2 For example, an entrepreneurial opportunity could stem from introducing an existing technological product used in one market to create a new market. Alternatively, an entrepreneurial opportunity could be creating a new technological product for an existing market or creating both a new product/service and a new market. The recurring theme is that an entrepreneurial opportunity represents something new. However, such possibilities require an enterprising individual or a group of enterprising individuals to recognize, evaluate, and exploit these situations as possible opportunities. Therefore, entrepreneurship requires action— entrepreneurial action through the creation of new products/processes and/or the entry into new markets, which may occur through a newly created organization or within an established organization. Entrepreneurs act on what they believe is an opportunity. Because opportunities exist in (or create and/or generate) high uncertainty, entrepreneurs must use their judgment about whether or not to act. However, doubt can undermine entrepreneurial action. Therefore, a key to understanding entrepreneurial action is being able to assess the amount of uncertainty perceived to surround a potential opportunity and the individ ual’s willingness to bear that uncertainty. The individual’s prior knowledge can decrease the amount of uncertainty, and his or her motivation indicates a willingness to bear uncertainty. As illustrated in Figure 1.1, the McMullen-Shepherd model explains how knowledge and motivation influence two stages of entrepreneurial action. Signals of changes in the environment that represent possible opportunities will be noticed by some individuals but not others. Individuals with knowledge of markets and/or technology are more capable of detecting changes in the external environment, and if they are also moti vated, they will allocate further attention to processing this information. Others, how ever, will remain ignorant of the possibility. The result of Stage 1 is an individual’s realization that an opportunity exists for someone. The individual then needs to determine whether it represents an opportunity for him or her (Stage 2). This involves assessing whether it is feasible to successfully exploit the opportunity given one’s knowledge and whether it is desirable given one’s motivation. In other words, does this opportunity for someone (third-person opportunity belief) represent an opportunity for me (first-person opportunity belief)? If the individual overcomes enough doubt to form (1) the belief that the situation represents an opportunity for someone in general, and then (2) the belief that the opportunity for someone is an opportunity for himself or herself personally, this individual may act.